Let's get to work.
As I told you before,
we are going to create the quotation as a Microsoft Word document,
but taking one step at a time.
First, we are going to create a blank Word document.
That is an XWPFDocument.
So what is it, and what does it do?
The XWPFDocument is the class in the Apache POI API that is capable
of creating an OOXML‑compliant MS Word document.
It can be thought of as the high‑level class for working
with Word files with the .docx extension.
Let's take a quick look at the initial steps to create a .docx Word document.
First, create an empty MS Word document by instantiating the XWPFDocument class.
Next, open a file output stream,
specifying the path where the file needs to be saved in the file system
to write the content of the MS Word document into.
Finally, write the document to the output stream.
Open up the Maven Java project given in exercise files of this module.
You can see a class named WordQuotation,
and a few blank methods already added in it.
Go to the generateQuotation method.
Instantiate the XPFWDocument class.
Let's call the instance, document.
Open up a file output stream, specifying the location for the file to be saved.
Surround it with try with resources, and handle the exceptions.
Finally, write the document to the output stream.
Now, call the generateQuotation method in the main class like this.
Save and run the application.
You should see an MS Word document created like this with the .docx extension.
If you open it, it's still just a blank document. In the next clip, let's start adding content to it.